c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\TimeManager.dll.config
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\TimeManager.dll
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\TimeManager.pdb
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\obj\Debug\TimeManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\obj\Debug\TimeManager.dll
c:\users\олександр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\obj\Debug\TimeManager.pdb
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Олександр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeManager\TimeManager\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
